README.md, before:

# VK_DaylightMetrics_script

This repository is meant for Grasshopper scripts used by Tegnestuen Vandkunsten to simulate daylighting for buildings. To use the script properly you are expected to have a basic understanding of Rhino and/or Grasshopper. 

Furthermore, you need a working (and validated) version of Rhino 6 or Rhino 7. Also, the scrips uses the plug-in Ladybug Tools 1.1.0 ('VER 0.0.06\nJUL_07_2020') for Grasshopper. To use Ladybug tools correctly the program Radiance needs to be downloaded and installed, see how to Ladybug Tools and Radiance in https://github.com/ladybug-tools/lbt-grasshopper/wiki. 

Several other plug-ins are also used in the script. They can be installed by  downloading and installing the plug-ins  at https://www.food4rhino.com/ or follow the links below

The plug-ins are:

Pufferfish: https://www.food4rhino.com/app/pufferfish
Bifocals: https://www.food4rhino.com/app/bifocals
Elefront:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/elefront
HumanUI:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/human-ui
Human + Tree Frog:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/human
LunchBox:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/lunchbox
Metahopper:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/metahopper
TT Toolbox:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/tt-toolbox

Some standard weatherfiles from European cities have been added to the repository, find other weatherfiles at https://www.ladybug.tools/epwmap/.

Besides the DaylightMetrics_script are a tutorial on how to use the script and a Rhino.3dm file, which is the model used in the toturial, that can be used to follow along. 

This tool has been developed by Ilias Ben Chaabane at Tegnestuen Vandkunsten, with the help of Martyna Jakubowska, Michael Granby-Larsen and Amal El-Khatib.

Commit message:

Issue 1+2 resolved
1. Remove door handles and other unecessary geometries from example file. 2. Remove color override for gh canvas.

README.md, after:

# VK_DaylightMetrics_script

This repository is meant for Grasshopper scripts used by Tegnestuen Vandkunsten to simulate daylighting for buildings. To use the script properly you are expected to have a basic understanding of Rhino and/or Grasshopper.

Furthermore, you need a working (and validated) version of Rhino 6 or Rhino 7. Also, the scripts uses the plug-in Ladybug Tools 1.1.0 ('VER 0.0.06\nJUL_07_2020') for Grasshopper and Honeybee[+] 0.0.06. To use Ladybug tools correctly the program Radiance needs to be downloaded and installed, see how to INSTALL Ladybug Tools and Radiance in https://github.com/ladybug-tools/lbt-grasshopper/wiki. For Honeybee [+] download from https://www.food4rhino.com/en/app/ladybug-tools.

Several other plug-ins are also used in the script. They can be installed by downloading and installing the plug-ins at https://www.food4rhino.com/ or follow the links below.

The plug-ins are:

Pufferfish: https://www.food4rhino.com/app/pufferfish Bifocals: https://www.food4rhino.com/app/bifocals Elefront:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/elefront HumanUI:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/human-ui Human + Tree Frog:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/human LunchBox:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/lunchbox Metahopper:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/metahopper TT Toolbox:https://www.food4rhino.com/app/tt-toolbox

Some standard weatherfiles from European cities have been added to the repository, find other weatherfiles at https://www.ladybug.tools/epwmap/.

Besides the DaylightMetrics_script are a tutorial on how to use the script and a Rhino.3dm file, which is the model used in the toturial, that can be used to follow along.

This tool has been developed at Vandkunsten Architects by Ilias Ben Chaabane, Martyna Jakubowska, Michael Granby-Larsen, Stephan Sander and Amal El-Khatib - since 2018.
